911: And so she's having breathing difficulties?
NURSE: She's short of breath and her vital signs are a bit elevated now.
911: OK, would I be able to speak to her?
NURSE: She's not-- she's in her room now.
911: Is she's able to speak in full sentences?
NURSE: She is, yeah, but she's very anxious and agitated, yes.
911: Is she going to be cooperative with the aid crew?
NURSE: Is she what?
911: Is she going to be cooperative with aid crew?
NURSE: I should think so, because she really wants to go to the ER.
911: OK, all righty, can I get your name?
NURSE: My name is [redacted].
911: Alrighty, I've notified my aid crew, OK, just do your best to keep her as comfortable as you can, nothing further by mouth, if anything changes or gets worse, just give us a call back.
NURSE: I will, thank you.
911: You're welcome, bye.